Update logging.md (#7195)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/logging.md

    Uno.UI.FeatureConfiguration.ApiInformation.NotImplementedLogLevel = LogLevel.Debug; // Raise not implemented usages as Debug messages
    ```
    This can be used to suppress the not implemented output, if it's not useful.

## IOS Unhandled Exception

```Unhandled Exception:
System.InvalidOperationException: A suitable constructor for type 'Microsoft.Extensions.Options.OptionsMonitor`1[Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerFilterOptions]' could not be located. Ensure the type is concrete and services are registered for all parameters of a public constructor.
```

> If your getting the above crash when running on IOS and Linker Behaviour is set to "Link All" its likely the xamarin ios linker is removing some logging classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are getting the above exception when running on iOS and the Linker Behavior is set to "Link All" it is likely that the IL linker is removing some logging classes.
```

See [Linking Xamarin.iOS Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/ios/deploy-test/linker?tabs=macos)

> One option is to linkskip the assemblies causing issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One option is to use `linkskip` file to exclude the assemblies causing issues.
```

> Add the following args to your mtouch arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to your `mtouch` arguments:
```

```
--linkskip=Uno.Extensions.Logging.OSLog 
--linkskip=Microsoft.Extensions.Options
```

> The other option is to add a linker config xml
> [Custom Linker Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/cross-platform/deploy-test/linker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other option is to add a [custom linker definition file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/cross-platform/deploy-test/linker)
```

```
<linker> 
  <assembly fullname="YOUR PROJECT ASSEMBLIES" />
  

>   <assembly fullname="Uno.UI" />

Reviewer: Removing Uno.UI is generally not required, as it is linker-safe.

```suggestion
```
